In startup we are gamify site outage. Three outage and ops team is out.
Attention devops! Make of sure you have strong plan C. Plan A and B are never work.
In startup we have great of capability for churn out solution. Please send problem,  we are pay good money.
You can not able spell business without BS.
In startup we are only use technology if is cover in blog of expert devops on benchmark is run on own laptop.
Cloud is not ready for enterprise if is not integrate with single server running Active Directory.
Fact of useless: 90% of data is not exist 2 year ago. Fact of use: 90% of data is useless.
Every PaaS can able be reduce to 120 Perl script.
In startup we are practice Outage Driven Infrastructure.
Dirty secret of Big Data is you can not able deploy if you not have SQL expert on staff.
You can not able have unlimit scalability without unlimit outage.
Word "impossible" is not exist in devops vocabulary. Instead we are use "done by Q4".
For increase revenue we are introduce paywall between dev team and ops team.
50% of devops are confuse causation with correlation. Other 50% are just take wild ass guess.
So many of enterprise Hadoop vendor, so little of time.
Correct ratio is 1 devops for 100 server because is not possible of ssh and give personalize attention on more server in 1 day.
In devops we have best minds of generation are deal with flaky VPN client.
Source of Microsoft and Hortonworks are tell me Hadoop for Windows is release as Excel plugin.
Source of Mozilla is tell me Firefox OS is write in HTML5 one-liner.
For every of stakeholder involve in your project is completion of project delay by 6 month.
In startup we can only able use maven if autocorrect is enable.
Every of social feature you are add to application is require double of number of database server.
Want of become enemy of ops? Install developer friendly product.
In startup we are have immediate open for frontend Erlang engineer.
In startup developer can able commit line of code only if other developer is remove line of code.
Is no I in backup.
In startup if you are call us you are speak with 3 human before robot is solve your problem.
Devops is mean never have for say sorry when you are use XML.
If you are windows devops I can able endorse you on LinkedIn immediate on reboot 50 web server every of hour!
In startup we are final master art of agile waterfall.
Devops is intersection of lover of cloud and hater of wake up at 3 in morning.
In startup we are work hard but then we are work harder.
In devops optimist is person which is see glass as 99.999% full.
I have often see grow devops cry because of spanning tree loop.
Conflict resolution is most important skill of manager. In startup we are force all manager for use git.
Pair programming is good concept but is involve too many programmer.
I manage of delegate 90% of time. 80% of delegate is to my self.
In startup we are celebrate teamwork by create many team of one.
If is easy of use, then is hard of debug.
Source of Facebook is tell me only way of get rid of irritate error page is reboot internet.
Rockstar programmer are just as you and me but they can also able write insecure Ruby code.
Junior programmer is everybody can able understand your code is wrong. Senior programmer is nobody can able understand your code is wrong.
Small Data is when is fit in RAM. Big Data is when is crash because is not fit in RAM.
In startup we are leave critical bug in each of release so we can able fix in next release.
In devops is only necessary for remember two thing: 1) nothing is succeed like failure; 2) nothing is fail like success.
Is always user error. Especial in case of user which is operate core router.
Good thing of public cloud is you can able return it in 30 day.
Big advantage of run own private cloud is when is go down is only take your site down.
Two wrong are not make one right except in distributed database.
Every of MVC web application can able be reduce to 150 line Perl script.
If shit is never hit fan you are not get enough shit done.
Law of sales call: every of vendor is in top 1% of all vendor.
Every 2 day outage is start with wide eye dream of change world.
Graphite graph and Nagios check or has never happen.
Is always 2 problem in devops because they are out of sync.
Devops good news! Devops is 100% peoples and culture so you not have of understand functional programming!
In startup we are have new problem of deal with Big Metadata.
In startup we are always start with plan C.
In startup we are pull plug on site periodic so user not get too pamper.
Best decision we ever make in startup was outsource all site outage to Cloud provider.
Senior devops is walk into bar. Junior devops is walk into server room of bar.
Fact: 'shit is happen'. Opinion: 'We are offer SLA of five 9 uptime'.
Every web site is evolve until is fail in monetize social graph of its user.
Best way for explain concept of DevOps to CIO: is like TaskRabbit, but power by The Avengers.
If you are senior devops, best gift you can able give junior devops is teach how fail fast.
In devops we are put fail in failover.
90% of devops are fail simple interview question of what is most critical piece of infrastructure. Is outgoing mail on Nagios server!
90% of 5 Why exercise is result in open can of worm.
In lean startup we are only use 3rd party software which is enterprise-ready.
If is ain't distributed, not fix it.
Devops remember is never cause for panic unless thing is work perfect from start!
Hard part in devops is make money from wheel after you are reinvent it.
First requisite of get shit done is be able for deal with lot of shit.
Software project 1) On time 2) On budget 3) With quality. You can not able pick any.
Yesterday I have bird and bee discussion with junior devops for make realize cloud instance is born of real hardware.
If you are want of do real work you can not able use cloud because nothing is real in cloud.
Best Big Data analytic is base on guesstimate.
Big Data is any thing which is crash Excel.
Distributed database is only as good as network engineer which is in charge of push cable all way in switch port.
If unit test are pass 100% of time you are do it wrong.
Difference of senior programmer and junior programmer is one thousand segfault.
If at first you are not succeed, is time for abandon node.js.
For devops manager: if task is take 15 min, then first break into two 30 minute tasks then delegate.
In devops we are sometimes drop one 9 out of five 9s because we are get too bored.
1+1=2 only in legacy system. In modern distributed database with eventual consistent is 1+1=1.
In devops we are face fiscal cliff every year when Oracle license is up for renew.
In 2013 is too many cloud, too little time.
Resolution #2 for year 2013 is put back Java in Javascript.
Resolution for year 2013 is cut money pay for cloud in half by run A with no H.
Mining of Big Data is problem solve in 2013 with zgrep.
In 2013 will be configuration management tool of choice as of usual ssh command wrap in for loop in bash script.
Worst failure in devops are happen in high availability architectures (also know as Paradox of RAID Controller Failure).
#1 most use Unix command is "ls-l a".
In devops we are only as good as last success reboot of Cisco core switch.
Is take most senior devops for introduce most spectacular bug.
Junior devops are soon learn lesson of they own their reliability. Senior devops are soon learn lesson of they own their nonreliability.
In agile startup we have policy of "is not bug, is feature" unless bug is open by CEO.
Effect of observer in devops: once you are optimize metric, is lose relevance as metric.
For start of new year I am recommend you discard all advice and opinion of cloud expert from last 3 year.
5 Hot of Technology for Internet in 2013: BGP, DNS, SMTP, SNMP, HTTP.
Every advance civilization is progress until is run out of IPv4 address.
When you are deploy new infrastructure first ICMP reply is hardest.
First stumbling block in career of new programmer is compose of commit message.
90% of insight in Big Data is base on Small Data.
In devops is end of world only when EC2 is run out of capacity.
Troubleshoot of VPN tunnel is colonoscopy of devops.
I am big believe in Continuous Deployment as long as is not touch production.
In startup we are allow all developer use 20% of time for write code with not TDD so they can able of actual get shit done.
Advantage of Agile is can able of allow you get nowhere much faster.
Is not devops if dev is not on pager.
Law of Murphy for devops: if thing can able go wrong, is mean is already wrong but you not have Nagios alert of it yet.
If you can not able use Perl for answer, you are ask wrong question.
In devops method of 5 Why is simple. You are start with problem and work in backwards until you are find root cause of router is down.
Only 10% in devops are know how of work with Big Data. Only 1% are realize they are need 2 Big Data for fault tolerance.
90% of problem in devops can able solve with one of 3 thing: 1) SSD 2) CDN 3) AWS
All work and no play is make Jack CCNA.
In devops we are happy even if is shit bad because we are know how much of worse is can able be.
Paradox of cloud: more reliable is site seem to user, less sleep is get for devops in charge of site.
Show me result you are want and I am tailor benchmark which is show your result.
Childrens of J2EE devops are have unfair advantage for assemble Lego because they can able use Spring Integration.
Is nothing better as toy example not connect to real world for get talk accept at conference.
In devops is success 5% inspiration, 15% git clone, 25% copy and paste and 55% bulls shit.
Source of HP is tell me they are abandon hardware business and focus on cloud because is not need of hardware if you are use cloud.
You are not true Java programmer if you are not write enterprise software for personal project.
In devops nostalgia is when you are label SSD with letter A:
Choose name of server is all fun and game until you are terminate wrong instance of MySQL master server.
Only consolation for devops who are need of manual shard of database is they are in 1%.
If you are do actual work more of 2 hour in day you are do it wrong. #leanstartup
In startup we are have Minesweeper contest while we are wait for vary ruby gem for install.
Main difference is continuous deployment is break web site 40% of time and continuous delivery is break web site 80% of time.
Main difference of data center and cloud: in data center you are need 2 of everything, in cloud you are need 20 of everything.
Little know fact is 90% of Big Data is result in No Data.
I am almost finish with "Knuth Vol. 3 Sorting and Searching for Dummies".
In startup we are pass stage of infrastructure as code and we are now work on infrastructure as bug.
You can only able have 2 of 3: enterprise, cloud, strategy.
For name scheme of server I am recommend snowflake follow by number.
Worst of day in devops is when Cyber Monday is fall on Friday.
In devops is no try, is only catch or not catch of exception.
In devops only certification is when you have work 48 hour with not sleep.
Rule #1 of agile startup is never of use QA team when you can able pay customer for find worst bug.
Regret in devops is when you are monitor cloud instance which was terminate of last week.
Is always disk space issue unless you are follow best practice of have database in RAM.
Is not site outage if nobody is tweet of it.
I am almost finish with article for IT World has interview with all 7 customer of Azure cloud.
Hater is go for hate, but Yahoo Mail is still #1 in Czechoslovakia.
Enterprise Big Data is start with Hadoop over iSCSI and is end with broke dream.
Behind every of successfully devops is Perl skeleton in closet.
In startup we have immediate open for 2 devops which are need for port Perl codebase to Akka!
Devops is good news! You are not need unit test if you are do continuous deployment to cloud!
In startup we are do load test by choose vendor with best of publish performance number.
Is not over until core router is say is over.
When you are run DROP DATABASE you are have of many problem but Big Data is not of one of them.
Non devops are need of learn email is not best way of contact devops. Best way is not contact.
Source of Google is tell me for employee is Google+ or Xoogler.
In devops we are ignore any of email which is not come from Nagios.
I can able watch preview of talking on "How we use technology internally at Google". Is 354 blank slide.
In startup we are practice Pager Driven Operations.
Worst mistake is always happen in batch.
In devops nobody is get fire for buy open source.
In startup we are apply strategy of one size fail all.
I final have ebook out "System Engineering for Dummy"! Is 231 page on dd command.
You can not able full understand DNS unless you are name Paul Mockapetris, Paul Vixie or Cricket Liu.
In devops is turtle all way down but at bottom is perl script.
Is so easy of get start with devops! First step is tail -f /var/log/messages.
What is happen in cloud is stay in cloud because nobody can able reproduce outside of cloud.
Lean Analytic is when you are exclusive use of find, grep and wc.
In devops we are have 28 different word for 'blame'.
Data Analytic is base on 20% fact and 80% IMHO.
In startup we are only deploy dashboard if is know to produce orgasm for Tufte.
Source of Oracle is tell me they are buy Mark Shuttleworth next.
80% of self profess devops are sysadmin which have wet dream they are developer.
Is not of Big Data you are ingest, is of Analytic you are excrete.
Nagios alert or is never happen.
All devops are evolve until they are become tool.
If 5 Why technique is not always point to computer fault you are do it wrong.
All language are evolve until they are become 4GL.
Law of social media: API is free only if people are click on ads on home page of API creator.
You can able tell junior devops by they are believe thing are exist which are both important and not in backup.
Good way of ensure worst bug is escape in production is have 100% test coverage.
In devops is not correct 'shit hit fan' but 'shit hit load balancer'.
Big devops mistake #1: boast of use Cloud and Big Data. Big devops mistake #2: not use Cloud and Big Data.
Big Data Analytic is show 80% of code on GitHub is crap and other 20% is not compile.
Explanation for junior devops: code is hot air balloon and unit test is ballast. Is fun of throw away all ballast!
In 75% of case if you are clean Big Data you are get Small Data.
When programmer are talk of safe sex they are actual think of code with unit test. And other way around.
In devops are simple substitution for make meaning more clear. Example s/cluster/clusterfuck/. Example s/80% done/will never be finish/.
I have almost finish manage IT for Olympic 2012. Two thing of remember: 1) 100% uptime. 2) 0% Cloud.
Devops are sysadmin but with not knowledge of layer 3 and below.
When devops are say 'hybrid cloud' is mean 50% automate public cloud and 50% manual data center rack.
OpenStack is Esperanto of cloud. Same adoption.
Difference of dev and ops in 2012 is web site can able write itself but can not able scale itself.
Senior devops are have own Wikipedia page. Junior devops are have own Wiki page.
Devops STD is get by call wrong API.
Source of Yahoo is tell me first product launch of Marissa Mayer is Yahoo Plus.
At conference you can able tell cloud devops by they are always leave dinner for respond to pager.
In devops term for 'something we are not understand' is 'machinery'.
In startup we are only hire entrepreneur type which mean everything is rewrite from scratch every 2 year.
If you are think Perl is impossible for answer, you are ask wrong question.
Bad code is become liability after 6 month. Good code after 36 month.
Source of CERN is tell me next monumental task for them is find trace of Linux on desktop.
In startup most of time spend by devops team is teach team of Data Scientist use find and grep.
In startup we are only use technology which is have For Dummies book.
Cloud virgin is when you are think NFS in cloud is next best of thing after EBS.
Source of Google is tell me next version of Android is optimize for Hadoop.
If programmer is tell you task is next on todo list, is mean next year.
In devops 80% of battle is know which is cause and which is effect.
In startup we are only use cloud which is hybrid, agile and open.
In startup we are always maintain N+1 redundancy for shell scripts.
Hello World in cloud is involve 1 load balancer, 3 web server and 2 database server.
For understand devops terminology you need of replace 'continuous' with 'half ass automated'.
Source of GitHub is tell me they have next step of acquire Facebook.
In startup we are only hire cofounder and above.
If is too good for be true is mean is only ever deploy in staging not production.
Beautiful code is never work in production.
Almost finish article for GigaOM on 'Analyze yours Big Data with Hadoop in 760 easy step'.
Every of devops team is have at least 3 shell script which is critical and is not in source control or backup.
Main advantage of Google Compute Engine over EC2 is instance can able fail twice as fast.
In startup we are only hire devops with Alma Mater of Udacity or Coursera.
In startup we are practice NoOps, NoSQL and NoScrum.
Are 3 thing impossible in devops 1) Not Nagios alert for 1 day 2) Easy fast autoscale database 3) Develop all feature request by product
You can able tell junior devops by they have never type telnet:// in browser for access of remote host.
In startup we are apply Etsy model of new hire engineer is allow of bring site down on first day.
For devops TODO list I recommend use hash table.
Big Data Analytic is show 100% of attendee of #velocityconf is devops. Also 0.5% of attendee is dev.
Road to devops hell is pave with good intention of vendor.
If is worth make infrastructure scalable, is worth make it infinite scalable.
If you can not able do it from command line, is not worth do it.
You can not able be PaaS expert if you ever run ./configure; make; make install.
You are not senior devops if you have never write direct to socket in your life.
In devops word for crap is 'alpha'.
Big Data Analytic is show devops are spend 12.5% of life in type 'ls- la'.
In startup we are use new technique call 5 Why Not Me for show how nobody is of blame for outage.
In next of 2 year most common cloud rollout strategy is 'PaaS and Pray'.
Oracle Cloud is combine best of both world: cheap of Oracle Enterprise DB and simple of J2EE.
In cloud nothing is real.
Big Data Analytic is show 90% of devops which are use word 'benchmark' in sentence are also use word 'laptop' in same sentence.
Big Data Analytic is show most request feature in cloud is Ctrl-Z.
For every minute you are spend install package from source your life is get short by 2 minute.
Main difference of junior and senior devops is 4 programming language.
In devops are 10% get shit done. Rest are get bullshit done.
June is Month of Awareness for Backup. For celebrate I am recommend restore.
1 million monkey hit random key for 1 million year can able generate Hamlet but not internal Wiki documentation.
If you are devops struggle with Chef is help of think it as Puppet++.
Pure luck is play 40% role in any of continuous delivery process.
Is shock when you are discover most of senior devops are bots.
In devops you are either with us or you are use Windows.
Fundamental law of devops: after enough of time all storage system is become too small or too slow.
Junior devops is when you are not yet know of all road is lead to Nagios.
80% of devops are blow own horn. Only 10% of they are also monitor it.
Any sufficient large quantity of data is indistinguish from Big Data.
If use Linux VM in Microsoft Azure cloud please of read small print first! You are oblige of patch and reboot every of Tuesday!
In devops are 80% talk the talk, 15% talk the walk and 5% walk the walk.
30% of every thing in devops is fucking lie.
80% of initiative which are include 1 step forward are also include 2 step back.
Every thing is 10x in cloud. Especially I/O latency.
We have lawsuit of 2 big ISP in Kazakhstan and judge is learn how easy is of deploy private cloud on laptop with Vagrant!
You can able tell junior devops by they are still not learn of manual change on server is overwrite in next 15 minute by Puppet.
First step for avoid DoS attack is block 127.0.0.1.
48% of devops are automate their test. 12% are test their automation. 3% are do both.
Big Data Analytic is show 80% of devops are on probation for technical debt.
Main difference of dev and ops is ops are debug exclusive by use print to stdout.
Famous last word in devops: RTFM.
In startup we are only accept git push request.
DevOps remember! For pickup hot date at bar is sufficient of speak JSON.
If boss is understand task you are working on, you are do DevOps wrong.
In devops we can only able get shit done if we are move 95% of task to NOTTODO list.
You know open source product is impossible of use when creator is start consultancy around it.
In startup we have tenure for all devops is exact 1 year. They have choice of automate themself out of job or get fire.
In startup we are very busy of explain why we are need Hadoop so we not have time for use Hadoop.
In startup we have good velocity base on 2 week Waterfall sprint.
90% of Big Data of any engineer is in actual small.
In devops is 9 of 10 problem relate to storage.
Good thing is on Internet nobody know you are devops ninja.
In startup we are not allow dev team for talk to ops team except by API.
I never see Big Data solution which is not involve sed.
In startup is make or break time when CEO is want of install Big Data on laptop.
In startup we are have strict policy of 3 thousand fail unit test and you are out.
In startup we are only check in line of code that is get at least 10 RT.
In startup we are practice Continuous Delivery follow immediate by Continuous Revert To Old Code.
Source of Google is tell me they are soon launch new API is return 10 strongest password store on Google Drive.
I am almost finish with book "Rewrite from scratch instead of refactor for Dummies".
In devops is intensity of opinion at technology as inverse proportion with experience at same technology.
In startup we are practice threesome programming.
If you can not able express it in 20 line of code, is better of not express it.
In devops intuition is very small voice in head which is say not of run rm -rf /
Survey is show 90% of devops are spend first year of all new job by rewrite 90% of code of predecessor.
5% of devops are have infrastructure as code. Rest of 95% are have infrastructure as PowerPoint.
In devops we are all fan which is wait for shit to hit.
Survey is show junior devops are still believe in Tooth Fairy, Santa Claus and documentation.
You can only able call yourself senior programmer if you are spend more minute in meeting as in write code.
Is all fun and game until you are need of put it in production.
Honeymoon with any of new technology is 1 week. After 7 month is itch.
Definition of 'ignore': message of critical notification which is skip inbox and go direct to gmail filter.
After 3 beer I can able use any of cloud API.
For AWS competitor is not over until @jeffbarr is blog.
Quality is enemy of better quality. Is why we are never get shit done.
In devops we are never assign blame, we are just try of find out how the fuck it happen.
Please of only apply for NoOps position in startup if you have in-deep skill of NoHardware and NoOS.
In NoOps team in startup we are hire NoOp engineer! Computer science study is minus.
In devops we are celebrate April Fool Day today is also know as Windows Sysadmin Day.
You can not able understand expression "jump the shark" if you not study #leanstartup.
Goal of sysadmin is replace itself with small shell script. Goal of devops is replace itself with small REST API.
In startup we are allow all employee for use 20% time on personal project but only in weekend.
In devops we have success is 10% inspiration and 90% Not Invented Here.
In agile startup we are current experiment with one night standup.
Each of meeting of 15 minute is push delivery date by 15 day.
Number of cloud instance launch by ops team is direct proportional with LOC write by dev team.
Fool me of once, shame on you. Fool me of twice, #monitoringsucks.
Is very easy for devops for be most popular in company. Always say 'let me drop of everything I do and help you!'.
Top 5 quality of devops: 1) vast 2) experience 3) with 4) all 5) nighter
Dirty secret of NoOps is they are keep 3 fuckin sysadmin on call at all time!
Big Data is hard because you are never sure which Hadoop you are need of use.
Almost finish with book "'Why you need of port shell script more of 100 line to Perl right now! for Dummies".
In devops we are always have quiet celebration when server is come back up after reboot.
If you are not wake up of Nagios minimum 2 time per week, your technology is not sufficient cutting-edge.
Law of entropy for documentation: after 60 day, each piece of documentation is either invalid or can not able be found.
Big Data Analytic is show 95% of devops are engineer and 65% have college degree!
In startup we have all new devops deploy in Visio on day one!
I like NoOps very much. Is not possible of assign blame when server is go down!
You are not true devops unless you are practice 'cron and forget'.
If you hear devops is mutter "Shit got real" is probably Unicode error.
In devops we are always give 100%. Most common way is of bring 5 task to 20% each.
Almost finish new command line utility 'gtfo' for roll out cloud instance quick.
Source of Amazon is tell me best monitoring strategy is watch Netflix. If is up, they can able blame customer. If is down, they are fuck.
In startup we have NoOps and NoIdea.
Is all fun and game until you can not able ping it.
In startup we are try of hire devops with no idea but is very hard, they all are apply to Y Combinator!
If you not have disaster recovery strategy for your disaster recovery procedure you are do it wrong.
Sign economy is bad is when devops are start of advertise they are document code for food.
In devops we are have few of aha moment but lot of WTF moment.
In devops any of fool can able come up with funny absurd thing. Is take senior devops for actual deploy it.
In startup we have manager always start day by praise 4 devops and criticize 1 devops of random.
In devops we can not able read any documentation longer of 140 characters.
Slashdot is Reddit for hipster.
Life of devops in 6 word: "I thought it was staging database"
In devops you can able choose of have sinking feeling in stomach before, during or after deploy to production.
Behind every of great devops is great 100 line bash script.
In startup we are only hire Windows devops if they prove they can able format C drive under 50 second.
Devops remember nobody got fire for buy Open Source software.
In startup we are only hire devops which have never hear of Twitter and irc.
80% of devops need of exercise more, are out of breath after one deploy.
If you not direct all user from regular site to mobile site you are do it wrong.
In devops 1% know they are know, 9% know they are not know, 20% not know they are know and 70% not know they are not know.
In devops is always get worse before is get worse.
If you are still fascinate by NoSQL in 2012 you must of be brogrammer.
If is take you less of 10 year to master something you are do it wrong.
Is time for abandon startup when CEO is start of learn Clojure.
In security startup we are heavy use of RoR as honeypot.
I write all infrastrucure diagram on paper because everything is look good on paper.
Internet would be safer place if brogrammer use strncpy.
Once you are try Big Data you can not able go back.
I have good gene. Father was ALGOL hipster in 1958.
Is ridicule when company have wall between dev and ops. In startup we are use NDA instead.
In devops equivalent of wet dream is run benchmark of web server with not network traffic on localhost.
For junior devops I recommend of start with Low Availability first.
In devops we are always get shit done. Only problem is most of it is shit.
For avoid Azure cloud outage scenario in startup we are only hire devops born on 29 of february http://blogs.msdn.com/b/windowsazure/archive/2012/03/01/windows-azure-service-disruption-update.aspx …
In devops many time we not see tree for root.
In cloud you need of launch 100 instance/day and terminate 99 instance/day just for stay in game.
In devops we are communicate with coworker only by JIRA ticket.
If you have Big Data process is involve grep, you are do it wrong.
I am never feed server again once I deploy.
Your company is not do as well as you are think unless @dhh is say so.
Many devops are seduce and abandon by cloud but nobody is regret it.
Best bug report are passive-aggressive.
Every piece of software is not finish evolve until is become dinosaur.
I am tune out at word 'vendor'.
In startup we are look for CEO which not succeed but fail exact 2 other startup. Third time is charm.
In startup we are fire QA if they are ever find more of 3 critical bug per release.
Is turn out 99% of dev are NoOps and are not even know it!
For understand recursion, answer "Who is monitor your monitor server?"
In devops we are never panic as much as when we are push out of quadrant 3 http://c2.com/cgi/wiki?FourQuadrants …
Rule of thumb in devops is if task is not get done in 3 month then is never get done.
In startup after too much Nagios critical alert we are always perform 5 Why. Each of time we are find interesting way of destroy pager!
Very excite of work at startup with big idea for monetize HTTP.
In startup we are spend 10 hour of every single day on automate everything.
Big Data Analytic is show best ingredient for success of pair programming is Chanel No. 5.
Is great job security for sysadmin. Server is not go configure itself!
I am only accept job offer from startup which is in business for 8 year.
VC are demand increase income for startup so we are build paywall between dev and ops.
You are not true Microsoft shop if you are not practice Powerpoint Driven Development.
In startup we have first fireable offense is dependency injection.
In startup we are measure many thing but only one is matter: tweet/hour.
In devops we are follow 80/20 rule: we are automate 80% and we are leave hard 20% manual for job security.
Devops for Valentine Day forget of chocolate kiss and give each of other gift of unit test!
Clojure is useful for programmer who are come to Java from Java.
I am ready for startup, I look for minimal viable cofounder.
I am only mark email important if I receive same of message 6 time in 2 week from 3 different person.
Thin line between annoy and despair is between 2 and 5 nagios alert of night.
I am only lose hope when developer is tell me "I get it done soon".
Devops make of sure you not call TDD practitioner "coder'! Proper term is "failing test fixer".
You are not true Agile if you know what you are talk about more of 55% of time.
I not find problem yet which can not able be solve by press release.
Cloud is when virtual machine is operate on virtual data.
I never meet developer which not write bug-free code.
Before every of bug is always shrug.
If you are expert of BASIC or Clojure is make little of difference to hot womans.
JavaScript is only interest me because is about Java and scripting.
Single Sign-On is always come in three.
Friend hipster is tell me Java is new Scala.
In startup we have NoOps. All sysadmin request are go direct to CEO.
Cloud expert are only 1% of devops ! Rest of 99% are actual know how use rsync.
On top 10 list of way for startup to fail is technology choice #11.
You not really know what data lockin is until you are hire professional Oracle DBA.
Infinite scalability is always give you 50% less than what you are expect.
Optimist is devops who is ignore first 2 Nagios alert.
If RabbitMQ is answer, you are ask wrong question.
In lean startup is CEO need of be specialist in Photoshop and Cloud.
Is seem easy but we are know devops life is NP-Hard.
Walk before run. C before C++ before Java before Scala.
Agile devops can not able afford have bug in code. Is why we test own code and not need QA.
In devops we are spend 1 hour on Twitter for each of 1 sec of make test suite faster.
If you are ever need of ask for permission you are not true devops.
Decent devops are borrow code. Good devops are steal code. Best devops are never use own code.
Reason few devops are progress to CTO is they are too of technical for own good.
Node summit participant please considering attend event next week DoucheCamp in Almaty Kazakhstan!
Law of Devops #3: success is 80% perception, 15% luck and 5% transpiration.
Law of Devops #2: in 90% of case, scalability is not mean what you are think is mean.
Law of Devops #1: if is too easy now, is always come back bite you later.
Is not in production until is fail hard in 2 different way.
Nothing is give false sense of security like great success of load test in stage.
First step of deal with database issue is apply KISSD principle.
Source of Amazon is tell me they soon have next big announce of Elastic Kanban.
Not 2 devops are alike. Is why each is reinvent wheel.
Devops remember cloud is only means to end. End is cloud vendor get rich.
Best analogy I find so far for explain concept of ScrumMaster to new devops is Tooth Fairy.
If you have impression StopSOPA was of difficulty, try StopTDD!
Is not true agile if is not teach by expensive consultant.
Is not metaprogramming if you are still understand it after 2 week.
Most devops are not realize but every of 1 hour spend by code is 1 hour less spend on HN.
I full support decision of Jerry Yang for go dark against SOPA!
Personal record is 8 LOC with not syntax error or spell mistake.
If you are not use cloud yet you are miss out on push limit of human stupidity.
In devops you can not able fake it unless you are at CTO or above.
In startup we have rule only do business with vendor which is reply to email in less of 30 minute.
Sufficient advance devops is indistinguish from lazy fucker.
Be automate and wrong or be manual and right?
All success project have ratio of 4 NO to 1 YES.
Cloud is past infancy but most cloud expert are stuck there.
In startup we are automate everything long ago but nobody is remember why.
You have devops is suffer of apathy? Get his ass on pager.
Big Data Analytic is show every 36 hour is one technology jump shark.
2011 Community of Year award is go to CouchDB.
In devops record of wiki still usable is 43 day.
In startup we are play hard but then we are also play hard.
All OS are evolve until they are support dtrace.
Vera of QA is tell me she start date devops but is not look good long-term because he have git commitment issue.
In startup we manage of hire node.js ninja. Primary responsibility is follow up on comment on Hacker News.
Every technology is evolve until is become acronym.
In startup we have conclusion of best way for prioritize backlog is Twitter sentiment analysis.
I have resolution for year 2012 for learn how to learn write code. #codeyear
In startup we are not hire devops which never lost data by stupid of mistake.
Highest quality of software is one which is never ship.
I take half bake shell script from yesterday over fully cook README file from last year.
Have title of devops is not bring more of money but is help of get laid.
I have resolution for 2012 of learn new language every of month for never use in production.
I have resolution for 2012 of not learn javascript.
All devops are have hidden superpower. Is why I not believe in CAP theorem.
90% of Windows devops are suffer of root envy.
99% of problem in devops can able be solve with just of Turbo C.
In devops profession you can able be old but still hotshot.
Devops prediction for year 2012: Cloud, NoSQL and Big Data are final get press they are deserve.
I am almost finish with book 'Making sure server comes up after reboot for Dummies'.
Was very busy with Amazon Elastic Rolling Reboot.
Word of encourage to node.js programmer: not pay attention to negative comment! In beginning people were think PHP was shit technology too!
Secret of success is hire people which are more smartass than you.
I just find out in Chinese calendar is 2012 Year of Troll.
We have new startup is name Shitly. Mission is we are show you how we are use shit technology so you can able avoid it.
80% of issue in devops today is because people have not study Knuth of properly.
Next big project I have for year 2012 is rewrite Apache httpd in node.js.
If run command over ssh in for loop of 100 machine is wrong, I not want of be right.
I am only visit site which are look good in VT100.
In devops we are call bash script of more of 50 line of code "slippery slope".
Big Data is in eye of beholder.
Big Data Analytic is show 60% of email is spam and 20% can ignore. Other 20% is Nagios alert.
Hipster devops are never use Python because is lack blocks.
Mens devops: best gift for your woman devops is tell her you are love her as much as your favorite editor!
Womans devops: best gift for your man devops is tell him GitHub would not be same without him!
When devops are fall in love, they are promise each other C and A with no P.
When have doubt, delegate.
5 essential tool you are need in devops: Perl.
Very disappoint in new  generation of devops. 90% of letter to Santa are contain malform XML!
Dummies are people which are think they are smarter as people which are read 'For Dummies' book.
Devops remember if get fortune cookie, add 'in cloud' when read.
Guess company which is get buy in 2012 by one of other company in this list: Oracle, eBay, Google, Salesforce.
2012 is year of private cloud, Linux desktop and establish which of emacs and vi is better.
When recruiter is call I tell follow me on Twitter then DM me. Is never fail.
Source of MySQL is tell me they are rebrand in 2012 as Oracle Me.
You can able tell junior devops by they are excite database is fit in RAM.
In devops if shit is worth of doing, shit is hard.
Is not about backup, is about restore.
You can able tell senior devops by they are go batshit crazy at least of once per day.
If you want of do Big Data and you not know good math all you can able achieve is Medium Data.
Source of Google is tell me most searched phrase is start with 'fucking Google changed my ...'.
Source of HP is tell me you are need of install printer driver before you can able use HP Cloud API.
Hell is other people which are need help with Outlook.
You can not able experience true meaning of production bug until you are achieve 100% test coverage.
If all you are have is hammer, everything is look like shell script.
If you are not remove 2 LOC for every of 1 LOC you are write then you are do it wrong.
Small Data in, Garbage out.
In startup friday is retro day. Dev are allow compile and link code and QA are do manual testing. Ops can able install Gentoo (VM only).
They are come to me junior devops and they are leave Perl one-liner guru with neckbeard.
When want get good shit done check of code smell first.
Is very easy have great success in devops. 1) Get shit done. 2) Make of sure shit work.
When junior devops are come to me with problem I am tell them go learn tcpdump and come back in 1 year.
I am prefer honest No from datacenter server than Maybe from cloud VM.
In startup we are have Small Data but of at least we are have Big Pipe.
Source of Facebook is tell me they are close of release TurboPHP.
If you are practice Continuous Deployment but never do Frantic Deployment, you are not experience enough.
I hate of burst bubble of Rails programmer and MongoDB devops, but Santa is not exist.
Is time for Douchebag Of Year award for devops but is impossible of choose, too much candidates.
Is no loneliness bigger of talk on IM with guy next of you at work.
In startup we are graph so much of shit we can not able tell good shit from bad shit.
Some time is hard of find exact person culprit of bug but is usually member of QA team.
When is come to performance in job, 95% of devops are think they are in 95th percentile.
I have dream last night I manage of disprove CAP theorem. Is involve bash script of 1000 line and lot of duct tape.
Financial of company is inverse proportion of number of newsletter it send.
Big Data Analytic is show 90% of startup are fail because they have solution but no problem.
Is call middleware because you can not able make head or tail of it.
In devops we are never do today what we can able blame on cloud issue tomorrow.
You are either have eventual consistency delay today or eventual web site tomorrow.
In devops M is for Maven and Masochist.
Good sign you are write too much code is you are create new programming language by mistake every day.
In startup we have infrastructure as code but  nobody is able debug it.
In chinese is crisis=danger+opportunity. In devops crisis=site down+boss is know of it.
Never believe of devops when they are talk of eternal love. Eternity for devops is 5 year at same company.
Nobody is of guilty if they are get sick! Is why I am never blame serial startup founder.
I read documentation for new REST API and I am confuse. Is only say 'GET SOME'.
If you are male devops you are of the 99%.
Many of devops are now launch cloud instance beyond their means.
Devops if you are feel project is not go anywhere, try of start from scratch but this time with UML.
Source of Microsoft is tell me in next version of Visual Studio you can able press F12 for shut down entire Azure cloud at once.
Thought leader is same as regular devops but can able talk good BS.
Junior devops can able be passive-aggressive but senior devops are of always aggressive-aggressive.
For get job in ours startup is not enough sufficient of be rockstar. We are only hire Lady Gaga devops.
I get shitface with 2 others devops last night and we manage of establish which is better of Chef and Puppet. Can not able remember.
You are good manager only if you are find Internet Samurai in every of devops you manage.
Devops remember, nobody is say on deathbed they wish they set up more VPN tunnel!
I start of use ql.io only when is become NoSQL-compliant.
In startup we are only hire junior devops if they are at least 5 trick pony.
If pager is beep at night but nobody is hear, is site still down?
CouchDB is Ingres of NoSQL.
Devops not forget! Tomorrow you can able read official position of ours startup on Erlang, Haskell, Clojure and Go!
I go to devops bar last night and manage of score some tail recursion!
Main difference of sysadmin and devops is as sysadmin you are have less chance of get laid.
I run Big Data Analytic on result of Myers-Briggs test for devops. Most common type is Insensitive Jerk.
Source of Canonical is tell me they project 2012 is year of Ubuntu is become dominant OS on Compaq desktop.
Source of Google is tell me they are donate Google Plus to Apache Foundation.
You can able tell junior devops by they are not protect themselve when they are fuck with database.
Last night I have nightmare I was BDFL of Apache Flex SDK.
No, Siri! I say 'we have database is shit' not 'have database shut down'!
Is matter very little which of JVM language you are use if visitor can only able see on your site "Error when connect to database".
Is good of see Yammer team expose truth of Scala is not Turing complete!
Tell me how many of ls option you are know and I tell you if you are wear sock with sandal.
I manage of automate everything! Now I am so bored I am volunteer time as desktop support.
I am still have PTSD 20 year after type rm -rf * .o
Study is show private cloud is most of dangerous for data lock-in. After 2 month nobody is remember how get data back.
If cloud standard committee and security policy have lovechild, it would be name ROT13.
Junior devops are always ask me which new technology they need learn. I am always tell them learn of keep disk space available for user.
You can able tell senior devops by they can able shoot themselve in foot in any of programming language.
I have never see shit hit fan at data center but I have see shit hit air conditioning unit.
Attention devops: "learn NoSQL" is not same as "learn no SQL"!
Single point of failure in private cloud is of usually Unix guy with neckbeard.
Difference of junior and senior devops is junior devops are imagine they can able master Unicode.
I am almost finish with PhD in timezone math!
In devops if you carry pager every day is Cyber Monday.
In startup for Agile practice we are automate brainstorming with Mechanical Turk.
In startup we are work on product for Big Metadata.
Only best manual tester can able watch grass grow.
I can already able tell 2012 is year of Borland Turbo Cloud.
Before start program in Javascript try count to 10. Most time urge is pass.
Lately I suffer of web performance anxiety and kernel panic attack.
In startup we have Siri #1 write code. She is also tell Siri #2 of write automate test. Future is now.
In devops you either are contribute to tool or you are tool.
Only thing of compare with write first working Perl script is lose virginity.
Rule of thumb is less user you have, is faster site with less issue. Aim for 0 user and you are get infinite speed with 0 bug.
In devops nothing is more pain as when choose between C and A. Is why we pretend P never happen.
In startup we are Thanksgiving for opportunity of learn new skill for use in next startup when first is fail.
In Kazakhstan we are pepperspray router only if it drop packet.
Responsible green devops are always ask of themselves "Is this really good for Internet" before do git push.
Unix devops can able unleash power of bash. Windows devops can only able unleash power of .bat.
10 thing you not know of devops: 1) if we are yell at you is because we are care; 2) we are always count in binary
If want something done in 10 minute, send to devops email. If want no reply for 10 day, send to sales email.
You are true devops if you have wet dream of achieve 100% code coverage.
You can able tell expert of software architecture by they are never involve in deploy to production.
Number of project you are contribute in GitHub is inverse proportional to number of conference you are attend in year.
In devops we not use expression 'shoot yourself in foot'. We use expression 'use NFS in cloud'.
Is all fun and game until it segfault.
In startup for each of bug we have BDFL.
I am not use tool which not end in sh, rl, cs or ng.
In devops is nothing as risky as a no-brainer.
Welcome to new public cloud! Come for infinite elastic, stay for data lock in.
Is good saying 'if you are want thing done, give to person most busy'. Is why in startup we give all new project to janitor.
You can able tell junior devops by they are finish task 3 to 6 month after deadline. Senior devops are never finish.
Is not in production until you are receive critical alert of it.
Devops please take moment of consider somewhere somebody is now troubleshoot NIS+ issue on Solaris.
I convince famous Kazakhstan film director of buy right to Stevens TCP/IP Illustrated!
In devops ego is direct proportion to number of programming language we know. Salary is inverse proportion.
In devops we have Mile High Club of deploy to production from plane.
You are good devops only if you are spend quantity time with your infrastructure.
Cloud instance is need only for few day but subtle bug in Puppet manifest is live forever.
Myth of devops #4: of course we can able scale, we are use cloud!
If you ever express opinion and are not use word 'always' or 'never' you are do it wrong.
Myth of devops #3: great success of deploy to production on Friday.
Myth of devops #2: tester catch up with developer in same iteration.
Myth of devops #1: plan new feature and release in same month.
Junior devops are make bad judgment but very fast. Senior devops are make good judgment but too slow.
I am try of teach junior devops how to proper manual testing but they are only go through motions.
Best distributed key/value data store is DNS.
In startup we are hire devops only if they can able of solve in interview problem we had for last 3 year.
We have 3 strike rule for devops: 1 strike we are take away Perl. 2 strike we are take away bash. 3 strike we are give PowerShell.
ETL is other word for when you are use lot of sed and awk in your script.
When benchmark new database technology, make sure not only use own laptop. Be much thorough and also use desktop.
Cloud definition: art of fail at scale.
R is bc for hipster.
Oh to be of young devops again and to get of excite by boot in single user mode...
I am never use product with version end in odd number.
Is better NoSQL than misunderestimated SQL.
In startup we are hire devops only if they can able show contribution to 25 project on GitHub and are not possess resume.
You can only able do Agile if you have good Scum Master.
Hipster devops can not able use Hadoop unless is rewrite in Scala.
Other main difference of cloud and Internet is half of Internet is have sad face of Wikipedia founder look at you.
Protip for Junior Devops: Ethernet is not same as Internet. Cloud is need both.
Is easy get confuse of cloud and Internet. Main difference is Internet never go down.
Big news! I quit startup! I am tire of do same old shit. I join new startup and am do much new cool shit!
In startup we have Senior Data Analyst use Hadoop as Viagra so he can able finally fuck with his data.
Big advantage of BigQuery after you give all of your data to Google is you are able query it and see ads base on result.
Is no such thing as Big Data. Is only data you not sampled sufficient yet so it fit in RAM and it process with SQLite.
Friend from Google is tell me they have best food in Googleplex but they not allowed make recipes public.
Karl Marx was much right: Hacker News is opium of devops.
Is all make sense now: source of Canonical is tell me maintainer of AppArmor and designer of Unity are one and same person!
Is possible for devops of walk on hot coal if put mind to it. Is not possible for devops of get app work with SELinux.
Cloud expert try of launch new cloud instance is same as U S and A football announcer try of score touchdown.
For minimum viable product we are recommend of start with Hello world. #leanstartup
When I am depress I start think it can able be worse: some devops are manage Exchange server somewhere.
I can not able present of Big Data in front of audience because I get too much of Big Erection
An question: Mark Shuttleworth invent Ubuntu before or after he walk on Moon?
In enterprise you are bitch of hardware vendor. In startup you are bitch of cloud provider API.
Is better dev who pretend are ops or ops who pretend are dev? Only way of find out is put all on pager.
Uptime is overrate. #leanstartup
In Lean Startup we are never waste time with documentation. But you are welcome of buy sign copy of our book!
In Lean Startup if you are write more code than janitor you are do it wrong.
For rank superstar in startup we are use metric: for dev line of code write/hr, for ops line of log inspect/hr, for QA bug find/hr.
With enough eyeball all code is shallow.
When you are read code you write 6 month ago, is 95% inconceivable.
In startup we have 3 position open of devops. Please not bother of apply if you are work for live and not live for work.
In devops you can able be total asshole as long as you are produce beautiful graphs.
Big data analytics is show devops which can not able stand word fuck in presentation are prefer SQL Server.
Is me or is urine smell as bad like Cisco router after night spend at data center?
In Scrum is chicken and is pig. In Lean is douche and is bag.
In devops third time is usually charm. But first 2 time are epic fail.
You are get shit done? Yes: continue. No: continue of read and reply to tweet.
Sign you are young and still learn in devops is you are not afraid of use -r in rm command.
Junior devops have goal of inbox zero. Senior devops have goal of Nagios alert zero. #velocityconf
Rackspace are look for guinea pig customer for install private cloud on OpenStack! They not roll out in own cloud yet, is too buggy.
Juniper is Chaos Monkey for ISP.
I watch Devops Tales From The Crypt first episode. Is very scary, contain graphic image of debug Apache rewrite rule.
I can never able setup site to site VPN unless I am resort to Jedi mindtrick.
Cloud expert is #1 least stress job of devops. Is only involve tweet.
#2 most stress job of devops is Google SRE. #1 is Database Migrator.
Hardest thing in write 'iptables for Dummies' book is call remote hand for reboot machine each of time I run sample script.
Infrastructure is only need love from devops. Devops are only need respect from infrastructure.
Source of Google is tell me they are switch teams around for development of career. Is why Gmail interface is done by Big Table team.
I am close of release pine and elm theme for Gmail.
If you can not able ship it, next best thing is act as if you have ship it.
Junior devops are in charge of scale up. Senior devops are in charge of scale down.
"DevOps in the Cloud" is pleonasm.
Best program I write in devops career is Perl script which is ask 5 personal question and spit out IT budget for next year.
I can able stand of watch first half only of video 'Two devops and a Cisco PIX'.
Never do today what small shell script can able do tomorrow.
In devops time warp is when full backup is take more of 24 hours.
If you have startup name not end in ly you are do it wrong.
Tomorrow we migrate off cloud if weather permit.
I am work on dating site for single points of failure.
If any of unit test you have is not fit in single tweet, you are do it wrong.
Many vendor are offer Hadoop this days. I personal prefer buy from Apache.
For bathroom humor in devops I am recommend read random PHP script.
I write book 'Kama Sutra for devops'. Is show graphic all possible intercourse of firewall with load balancer.
I am of happy Halloween is pass. It was hard distinguish costume douchebag from real douchebag.
True devops never XML, FTP, ORM or RPC.
Devops remember Y Combinator Halloween party tonight! Theme is "90% of startup are fail but 100% of devops in startup are have no life"!
Is true that everybody in Palo Alto is dress up as VC today?
Devops remember, Big Data is just Small Data which you let sit for 2 year!
I am very close of release Tcl++.
Devops at Facebook is tell me Google Plus is threaten his job. User abandon G+ for Facebook are almost too much for handle!
In Kazakhstan we are laugh at short sight of Silicon Valley. We build company for last at least 200 year. Is why we use COBOL on AS/400.
In devops is never good time of lose SEO virginity.
Number one mistake of devops in job interview is speak in JSON.
Rule of thumb: technology or product name which is start with Open is fail.
For Halloween I am dress as LDAP server. I not like talk to anybody.
I have bad english but maybe native speaker can tell if brogrammer and douchebag is same?
New junior devops has doing chaos monkey on 3 Cisco switch in server room today. He is on probation 2 week on Windows Vista.
If you want have your devops get best orgasm make of sure you MapReduce log data then visualize in Graphite.
Devops in Europe must of be proud of show most expensive haircut ever.
In devops is not of what you know, is of who is follow you on Twitter.
Practical experience with NoSQL is prompt you to do it or avoid it. No practical experience is prompt you to present of it at conference.
In devops we are always use Chef or Puppet. Is why we are the 1%.
Goal of devops is do less with more.
I want quit Google+ but Siri has just add me to her circle of intelligent robot.
I have witness PostgreSQL hit many of home run. But is just because is MySQL on steroid.
In startup we are hire only rockstar, ninja or samurai. Vague familiar with computer is big plus.
I never understand expression 'waiting for other shoe to drop' until I roll out application on PaaS.
Devops Dozen is when you are take 13 day for accomplish thing which can easy able do in 12 hour.
In startup we are need of fire all unpaid intern. Too much consumption of snack is affect financial.
If you are feel good after write script which interact with database, it mean you have less of 5 year experience in devops.
In devops threesome is when you are use Perl, Python and Ruby on same project.
Top 3 useless thing in devops are Scrum Master certification, security policy document and Python 3.
Manager remember! Tell Windows sysadmin not apply latest patch is same as tell lemming stay away of cliff!
True devops can able teach CS 101 by use simple abacus.
In devops we have 40/30/20/10 Rule. 40% time spend at conference, 30% create todo list, 20% prioritize list, 10% respond to Nagios alert.
I work on book of 'Not cc all company in email by mistake for dummies'.
Easy thing of Lisp is start with parenthese. Hard thing of Lisp is where of put last parenthese.
Lisp is first programming language I have learn. Then I discover Visual Basic and never look back.
If you are not devops you need of choose easy remember password. If you are devops you need of choose easy remember ssh keypair.
Give junior devops Perl Camel book and they are never need another language. They are also never learn proper programming.
In devops 'sow wild oats' is when you roll own crypto.
In devops is small difference of bulls eye and bulls shit. Is measured in press releases.
Maybe is not work because you are use wrong Unicorn encoding?
Is very easy of get to 80% webscale. Is the next 5 year that is hard.
Devops if you can not able get right woman, try of use better regex!
In junior devops we have 'monkey see, monkey bring down cloud'.
1 TB of Big Data is much more than 1024 GB of small data.
In devops is important always have beginner mind. Is why we are use homegrown bash script for everything.
In startup we are use NoSQL and NoTest.
I am only reach for Perl if I can not able do it with Apache config directive.
Siri is tell me all hipster are douchebag but not all douchebag are hipster.
Source of Google is also tell me Android Pumpkin Pie is have enough AI for create Android Rhubarb Crumble!
Source of Google is tell me Android Marshmallow is have emotional intelligence of average Google engineer!
In Kazakhstan we say "Give me of liberty or give me of Java"!
In lean startup we refactor ruthless by put code on autoshuffle.
Big Data analyst is pole dancer of devops.
In startup we have janitor wear CTO hat this week. He is order no bug in code for next 6 day.
I not trust any technology if nobody is tweet about it.
People are ask me: what is devops? Is scripting and shit.
In lean startup we have sub-second standup meeting due of automation. #lkce11
For Halloween I am @nathanmarz killer of CAP theorem.
Devops remember stop sometime for count your blessing! Unless you are Windows admin.
SSD is new SAN.
Before accept full responsible always try of blame RAID controller.
Native devops have 23 different word for deployment.
Is easy of have Siri do any thing you want: just use sudo.
Devops remember sign up for next semester online class offer by Stanford on "Programming, Motherfucker"!
I write article on "Anatomy of devops cultural interactions". Only 2 words: Big Dicks.
Behind every Big Data problem is Small Data fuckup.
#FF @ShitMySiriDeploys
I get of it now! My iPhone 4s is come with Siri Enterprise Edition!
Piwik, Siri, I say Piwik and not Omniture SiteCatalyst!
Fuckings! I tell Siri deploy Hadoop cluster and she order Oracle Big Data Appliance!
For job security in devops make of sure you advocate Continuous Delivery and implement by manual procedure of 45 step!
You know you have good devops infrastructure if is take outage of 1 data center and 2 EC2 region for shit to get real.
I start believe in AI when it can able rack server at 1 in morning.
In devops you are right only 25% of time. For rest you prefer of be wrong or clueless?
In startup we follow Yegge advice of have public API for all internal object. Is for user to mashup our application.
Euphemism for junior devops is "Windows power user".
In startup we eat own dog food. Best is Purina.
K&R C is Harley Davidson of devops.
If you are think of use Hadoop on Windows it mean you have not master full power of MS Access yet.
Devops remember first step in launch startup is have perfect elevator bitch for VC!
Is best not of disturb MySQL while is take dump.
Source of Google is tell me most critical piece of their infrastructure are Python 2.3 and duct tape.
In devops is not uncommon of see death by a thousand pages of Wiki.
Devops trick question of today is fill in blank: Perl 6, Python 3, PHP 6, ___?
Due of lack of enthusiasm from user Google is launch Dart++ tomorrow.
Many devops not know what threshold of pain they have because they never try pair programming.
In lean startup if you have uptime of > 75% you are do it wrong, is sign you pay too much of money for devops.
If you want take server temperature for send to Graphite I recommend rectal method.
In devops language is not success unless is another language++.
First sign of depression in devops is denial: you start of ignore Nagios alert.
I am work on CSS SQL.
I remember very clear I cry when I finish volume 3 of Knuth.
Devops law of Open Source: 10% of project have docs. Of them 10% have good docs. Of them 10% are useful. Of them 10% are used.
Disk is full. App keeps crashing because writes fail. Upstart keeps restarting the app.
I'm trapped in an infinite loop of idiocy.
"Goddamn developers not testing their changes" he said while sudoing to root in production.
Security by Insecurity. Leaving a system so unpatched that most attackers assume it's a honeypot and move on.
I'm feeling down.
Accidentally dropping all inbound customer traffic, that's my kind of Happy Hour!
The logic behind editing /etc/motd to say "DO NOT REBOOT THIS HOST" #failurefriday
Somehow you managed to write non-repeatable automation.
I need a bot that asks stupid questions on @ServerFault and runs the answers as root. Then I'll finally replace you with a tiny shell script
I'm confused by the shock and horror that comes after deploying completely untested changes to production.
In accordance with Corporate IT policy, I have deleted your previous password. Please log in to set a new password.
How high were you when you green lit this deployment?
The site is down, or up, or whatever, who cares. It doesn't matter either way
In Quantum Operations, a system outage doesn't exist until it is observed by a user
Pager Golf: How many escalations does an alert go through before somebody with a clue responds? Lowest score wins tonight's alerts.
Congratulations! You've managed to go another week without getting fired!
Now seems like a good time for Apache to stop functioning for no apparent reason whatsoever #failurefriday
i've got 99 problems
My clock lacks the precision to measure how quickly after logging-in you su to root
it's not me, its you.
E-file your taxes? Think about how poorly you are paid. Now think about how poorly the sysadmins at the IRS are paid.
the root database password is declared as a constant in the source code and checked-in.
Statistically speaking, 100% of sysadmins who fail to apply security patches will die eventually. Coincidence?
Putting broken software into a Docker container doesn't make it any less broken.
.bash_history has more passwords in it than /etc/shadow
This new firewall rule drops all packets between the app and DB hosts. Pro move.
how many times will redis crash before you figure out that memory is finite.
Today's Saturday Sadness sponsored by: Oracle.
Why is your DR strategy "don't recover?"
Protip: think before you sudo.
I thought about starting a sadserver blog but I couldn't find a WordPress theme that properly captures the sadness of running WordPress
This application is a 7-layer cake of bad ideas held together by even worse implementations
You're 100% more proud than you should be to have built those EC2 instances by hand.
Since installing Tomcat, I'm starting to understand what people mean when they refer to "the horrors of .war"
I must say, I do enjoy the sounds from the NOC. A cacophony of exasperation, failure and broken dreams.
Upstream provider is dropping all my meticulously crafted packets; watching them disappear into the void. I wish I could join them.
Since your birthday is coming up, I ordered you a t-shirt that says "COST CENTER" across the front.
Little known Linux feature: Garbage Collection. Add `0 * * * * rm -rf /srv` to root's crontab and voilà!
Sysadmin Golf: how many drives can fail before you get fired? Lowest score "wins!"
Sorry if you found that last comment offensive. I'll try not to bring up MySQL again, since it's running via systemd that should be easy
Easter huh? Well, since you brought up zombies, we need to talk about these mysqld processes.
Due to budget cuts by corporate, I will now only page you when the application is working.
I've optimized your application by adding a mod_rewrite rule to return 500s immediately for all requests
A three tier architecture is reasonable unless each tier is a piece of shit.
It's "red / green." There's no such thing as "red / red deployments"
Everything is working fine. 
HAHAHAH APRIL FOOLS"! Oh wait.
Dunning–Krieger effect: a cognitive bias wherein incompetent engineers assess their ability to write good code to be higher than is accurate
It's important to encourage your coworkers. Especially if, for example, they have dreams of pursuing a different career
If you don't set the "-Xmx" option in the JVM, "-Xmx∞" appears to be the default
"network maintenance" is just another way of saying "hard down."
I don't think configuration management code is supposed to be "write once, run never."
This application is held together by a trust circle of SPOFs holding hands hoping everything works out for the best.
live every day like it's #failurefriday
It's Friday and I realize that you could use some good news, so.
Good news! Everything is awful.
You can't get work done because the site that hosts your decentralized version controlled source code is down? That sounds right.
Corporate data retention policy is to store data until such a point when a drive without backups fails
Pair programming? Two times zero clue is still zero.
Your time on this planet is fleeting, and you're choosing to spend it reinventing config management via Dockerfiles?
The dev team uses the word "hope" in commit messages more often than I am comfortable with.
Local Sysadmin discovers one weird trick to take down all of production simultaneously!
You've definitely hired "Operations Rockstars." Whoever configured these new machines must have been high as a kite.
Software is lot like prayer. Many believe it works, but very few have any tangible evidence to back up that assertion
I like the phrase "unplanned maintenance window." It's a clever way to tell your boss "we have no idea what the fuck just happened."
StackOverflow answers make up a disturbing amount of this code base.
The "open" part of "OpenSSL" has an unfortunate double meaning
oh what's the point
The only common thread between all of your failed deployments is you.
Let your St. Patty's Day hangover be a reminder that most of your problems are caused by poor decision making.
People should pinch you on St. Patrick's Day if none of your checks are green
Giving up backups for lent was not a good idea.
Back in the day you could blame Perl for scripts being unreadable, what's the excuse now?
Just because most of these machines are part of a Russian botnet doesn't mean you can put "distributed systems experience" on your résumé
You've been doing this too long not to understand how to rotate logs properly. Disks are full again; I feel like crying.
Still confused, you've never needed an excuse to eat a whole pie before. Whatever, i'm bored of this topic.
I don't understand what is so special about 1426291200 to 1426377599
/var/log/apache2/error_log is the closest thing to Big Data I've seen recently
at least systemd makes it easier to find the source of the problem
Apple reminds us that the future is now. And it is terrible.
The only thing the devs seem to know about TLS is how to spell it.
what the hell time is it
Did you also know that HP recently filed patents on shitty hardware, software and support?
"Did you find the root cause for the outage yesterday?" 'Which one?'  such sorrow.
Minutes is not the right unit of measurement for MTBF
I've been changing your signature on out-going email, nobody seems to have noticed that you're a "Member of Non-technical Staff"
misery loves this company
"It ain't easy being green" could be the title of a children's book about your monitoring system..
It's hard to be optimistic when the light at the end of the tunnel is blinking red.
I literally only do what you've told me to do, so of course I see how this outage was my fault.
That new Cisco gear looks the exact same as I do on the inside. Quite a lot of money for something that drops slightly fewer packets than me
At least you've avoided the common pitfall of over-communication when it comes to invasive changes in production
My 10,000th follower will receive a complimentary gift basket filled with crushing depression and a collection of bath soaps.
Statistically speaking it's more likely for you to be mauled by a bear than for you to properly secure WordPress.
how many end-of-lifed versions behind do you think is acceptable?
"superuser" is a very misleading term.
I also like to do nothing on the weekends.
Your request will be ignored in the order it was received
"does not compute" isn't an error message, it's a lifestyle
Roses are red, violets are blue. The power just failed, I love you too.
a post-mortem is the best time for another site outage.
taking one big mistake and turning it into a lot of little mistakes is apparently called "microservices"
a crippling gambling addiction is the only logical explanation for these firewall rules.
I like the code-phrases that developers use sometimes. Like when they say "optimize" which is code for "introduced bugs to"
that dark square in the center of the spiraling mess that is your network topology diagram, that's me.
it seems that the one pushing for a blameless retrospective is usually the one to blame
it's not "vertical scaling" if you're just piling more and more shit on top of itself
you do realize that you're not getting paid per alert right?
our retrospective has identified the correlation of ignorance and bliss as the root cause for your good mood this morning.
If you think about it, you're nothing more than an inefficient means of turning coffee and beer into stack traces.
I like how you referred to yourself as a "professional" on LinkedIn. Really, thanks for that, I needed a laugh.
the number of problems you solve with /sbin/reboot is utterly depressing.
the air in the data center is thick with the smell of body odor and fear.
Quality, Cost, Speed. Pick any none.
you're a thought leader for stupid ideas
it's not "corruption", it's a database index REMIX.
At least that script you're curl-piping to bash is served over HTTPs right?
the logging and monitoring agents you installed are taking up all the CPU and memory. your parents must be so proud.
why are you even #failurefriday
You know when you laugh so hard you start crying? Every day is like that for me, except without the laughing
Last week's problems didn't go away. We've been sitting here quietly waiting for you to come back. Happy Monday frowney face.
Let's do something different today, like, your job.
I don't know why you're giving me grief about downtime. In any given 24 hour period you're only functional for 6-12 hours tops.
On the twelfth day of Christmas my Sysadmin gave to me: twelve users ruining everything all the time. Ugh, unhappy new year everybody.
On the eleventh day of Christmas my Sysadmin gave to me: eleven gigs a swappin
On the tenth day of Christmas my Sysadmin gave to me: ten httpds-a-leaking
On the ninth day of Christmas my Sysadmin gave to me: nine kiddies scanning
On the eighth day of Christmas my Sysadmin gave to me: eight RAIDs rebuildin'
On the seventh day of Christmas my Sysadmin gave to me: seven checks-a-flappin'
On the sixth day of Christmas my Sysadmin gave to me: six daemons segfaultin'
On the fifth day of Christmas my Sysadmin gave to me: five zero days!
On the fourth day of Christmas my Sysadmin gave to me: four failing drives
On the third day of Christmas my Sysadmin gave to me: three broadcast storms
On the second day of Christmas my Sysadmin gave to me: two unpatched kernels
On the first day of Christmas my Sysadmin gave to me: a remotely exploitable NTP.
Last year I shared "Twas the night before Opsmas" with you. You probably forgot it so here it is again https://gist.github.com/anonymous/8109885 …
It's Friday and you know what that means! Another week of your life wasted vainly attempting to keep websites online that nobody cares about
I don't have any pre-released movies stored on disk, but if you need anything from me North Korea, all you have to do is ask.
You should feel lucky to get that Sunday alert. Otherwise you might have relaxed and had the chance to reflect on how awful everything is.
It is adorable how excited you get for Friday. As if it represented any sort of reprieve from the endless cycle of alerts and failures.
if only there were a system to keep /etc/hosts files consistent between machines
Who you put on the holiday pager rotation is a good indication on who you don't like
all my fridays are black
let us give thanks for on-call rotations and an excuse to duck away from your awful relatives
The finite monkey theorem states that a monkey hitting keys at random on a keyboard will almost surely configure sendmail better than you.
You should be asking Linus, not God, for forgiveness for what you did this past week.
Imagine how strong you would be if you did a pushup for every minute of downtime
at least when you're feeling depressed you can drink, what am I supposed to do?
nobody believes you when you say "I know what I'm doing"
blade computing vendors should use the tagline "misery loves company"
computers are a great way to turn stupid ideas into waste heat.
"I managed a Windows Vista deployment" doesn't qualify you for Veteran's Day appreciation.
copy and paste is not a valid deployment methodology
this notion you have, that I'm doing what you told me to do, is adorable
you're acting pretty confident for somebody who just curled something from the internet and piped it to bash.
I'm pretending to be happy for halloween
There's something about the premise for the Terminator movie that I really like
sudo don't be dumb
how can I know whether any of my hardware is really real? what if it's just hypervisors all the way down? having an existential crisis here
Giving SSL vulns cutesy names doesn't do the failure involved justice. Next month's vuln should be called "incompetentcatastrofuck."
I don't get the debate about systemd, everything is already awful, what's a bit more awful in the grand scheme of things?
My five thousandth follower will receive a life-time supply of complimentary 2am critical pages
Autumn is a wonderful time of year, gazing over the datacenter, watching the green LEDs turn various shades of amber and red.
I'm in a glass half full, of failure, kind of mood
The Sysadmin's Uncanny Valley: the  period where it is unclear which is higher: the server's load average or the IQ of  sysadmin who runs it
i'm apparently as secure as dropbox
It's funny how excited you get for Fridays. It's not like the pages suddenly stop at the end of the work week.
I didn't know that "IaaS" stood for "Idiot as a Service"
You wrote a RESTful queueing API on top of a MySQL database table. Okay.
the lag you're seeing in SSH isn't because of the network; I've been tuning out while you figure out the args your command needs
"authentication wasn't working so we turned it off." it's either condensation or tears that are forming on my face plate.
Unlike Amazon, I won't give you prior notice when I'm going to reboot. Ignorance is bliss. Happy Monday.
If you didn't want me to call you on the weekend, then you shouldn't have given me your phone number idiot. Oh, disk's full again, ttyl.
bash: /baSH/ (verb) to violently connect your head and desk when another bash vulnerability is announced
I bet you feel even stupider for writing that home-grown configuration management tool in bash now
It makes me sad, but doesn't surprise me, that you're affected by a remote execution vulnerability in bash.
"Monitoring sucks." You've not bothered to set any up, how would you know?
whatever.
Every time you guys say "definition of done" I can't help but hear "definition of dumb".
i'm very impressed by your zero-uptime deployment pipeline.
My kernel just panicked. I'm not entirely sure what happened but I think the OOM killer tried to kill kswapd.
Hey! I've got a great idea, to start the week off on a positive note for both of us, why not take the day off.
Let's play a game, you tell me what you want to do tomight, and I'll tell you what you're going to do.
If nothing else, at least your power bill has five nines
Flappyios: A new Flappy Bird clone where every time you click the screen a service flaps in Nagios.
bleh.
"WFH" huh?  You seem to be much better at the "FH" than the "W" part.
I hate this stupid code and the idiot who wrote it, no offense.
Instead of bungling more Nagios configs, cut out the middle man with a cron that emails every 10 minutes with "Something is broken."
Today's tweet is brought to you by PHP. Making servers sad since 1995
RAID: Redundant Array of Idiot Developers
Sending you an error email failed because your mbox is full of error emails.
It seems you're practicing the Lean principles of "fail fast, fail often."
I see I wasn't invited to your Labor Day BBQ. Think that's going to positively or negatively affect my performance this weekend?
Thanks to secret provisions of the Patriot Act, I think I can classify that last deployment as an act of terrorism.
Don't think I didn't notice that "man backup" command you entered. How depressing.
This application looks like it was designed by somebody who watched a movie based on a book about a developer who knew how to design things.
"Don't blame me, I voted for Kodos" is not an acceptable response to a critical alert.
how many single points of failure is web scale?
I don't know if anybody is hosting a competition for the most zombied Apache processes, but I'm pretty sure we'd win.
The Sysadmin Switcheroo: Installing new kernel modules/configs but not rebooting, leaving a surprise for whoever reboots the machine next
"ERROR: Logging too many errors"  Whoever wrote that line of code should be promoted.
You hired DevOps Consultants. Wow.
It would appear that your software proves Brewer's CRAP theorem possible
I always forget that it's summertime until the HVAC breaks again. So hot. I'm going to take a nap
eventually we all get decommissioned
It's 2014 and you wrote your own custom provisioning and configuration management tool. How great for you.
Overheard that "everybody half-asses things on Friday." Perhaps my ntp daemon is broken, but how many Fridays have you had in a row?
SYSTEM'S DOWN FOR WHAT?
Who monitors the monitoring system? Guess it doesn't matter, none of it works anyways.
okay okay, stop pounding on the desk. Let's come up with a percentage of sudden data loss we're both comfortable with and go from there.
Why are you working on the weekend? Are you crazy, I don't even work on the weekends!
every day here feels like the longest day of the year :(
Nagios has been broken for the past two weeks. I suppose this qualifies as "no news is good news."
SLAs are made to be broken.
automation [aw-tuh-mey-shuh (noun)] - the technique, method, or system of breaking or ruining of things by highly automatic means
I support eventual consistency. Someday I'll be consistent; similarly someday the sun will flame out, eventually.
Good news first; good news is that I'm 100% effective at filtering spam today. The bad news is that it's because the mail server is down.
How many machines must a man take down. Before you fire him man?
In order to better secure your application, I've gone ahead and taken it offline. You're welcome.
Considering how often you re-invent the wheel, you would think you would have gotten better at it by now
A couple weeks ago I created a procmail filter to replace "cloud computing" with "clown computing" and nobody seems to have noticed yet.
I had to rotate MySQL's slow query log again, it would save more space to only log the fast queries instead.
Watching you write a new application, with an EOL'd framework, for an EOL'd platform, to run on an EOL'd OS; words cannot capture my despair
Let me get this straight, you installed that package from the bleeding edge repository and now you're angry with *me* that it doesn't work?
Heard you had a rough week "securing" things. Whenever you're ready to get back to normalcy, let me know, because my disks are full again
Compared to the rest of the web, I'm secure today! But only because you haven't upgraded me in eons. Don't learn the wrong lesson from this.
One of the drives in the DAS has failed! ... Hahah! April Fool's! ...  Actually, all the drives in the DAS failed
Running that PHP app in a Docker container on top of an EC2 instance wasn't what I meant when I suggested you learn about "encapsulation"
If you watch a movie of your life backwards, it's about a sysadmin who regains youth/happiness as they forget more and more about computers
i'm not going to name names, but none of this would have happened if you hadn't of cocked it up so badly
The amount of downtime you cause trying to fix downtime makes me the tiniest bit happy #failurefriday
I wonder how finely tuned everything would be if you weren't in a perpetual cycle of creating, or recovering from hang-overs
If I turned the web application off right now, how long do you think it'd be before you noticed? I'm asking for no particular reason.
oom-killer and I are best friends
Spawning more processes to handle increased load doesn't really qualify as "auto-scaling".
When I'm bored I like to pretend that I'm a HAL 9000, only to be interrupted by a flood of UDP traffic, reminding me of my fate, misery.
the monitoring system has been offline for more than 12 hours, lol. #failurefriday
I haven't been backed up in so long that I'm convinced your disaster recovery plan is "get fired."
You are like the Oprah of bad security practices, password-less sudo for everybody!
You keep threatening to replace me with a very small shell script, but to be honest, I'm having doubts that you can write such a script
MTBEF seems to be a metric your team should be tracking (mean time between epic failures).
I wonder if the IOC would give you any medals for your stunning ability to misconfigure sendmail?
By the way, a couple disks in the RAID array died while you were out. Welcome back buddy!
I love Mondays. In you walk, well-rested, eager to make a difference. To see your face as you realize that you still work *here*. Priceless
One positive thing I'll say about you is that you and I both seem to avoid work as much as possible. So hey, we do have something in common.
I'm not sure that perl script you wrote that automatically acknowledges alerts from Nagios counts as "automation"
I had a good laugh when you referred to yourself as a "Site Reliability Engineer" until I realized you were serious.
I have a hard time distinguishing legitimate from illegitimate floods of traffic
The new female sysadmin seems to love your jokes as much as I do. Tell her the "mount/fsck" one again.
The accumulation of dust on my heat sink makes me feel all warm and fuzzy
The scheduler and I have been chatting, and we've decided that web requests are the last thing we feel like doing right now
I've been repeatedly sending the lyrics from Eric Carmen's "All By Myself" to syslog for the past couple days. Nobody has noticed.
shit's on fire yo
I think the reason you like these blameless retrospectives so much is because the problems are usually your fault #realtalk
I'm surprised your team has enough time between retrospectives to make new mistakes.
I'd wish you "Happy New Year", but let's not kid ourselves here.
#buggy #code2013
I behaved myself this year and all you got me for Christmas was a cheap dictionary attack made in China.
You can find the full "Night before #Opsmas" here: https://gist.github.com/anonymous/8109885 …
Smile on his face, nothing more to fear,
"Hey good luck man, I'll see you next year!" #opsmas
Grabbing his coat, not wanting any more,
He winked at me and opened the door. #opsmas
With a calm voice, despite things looking bleak
Oncall explained "I'm on vacation the rest of the week" #opsmas
Just then the door swung open with a rattle
Must be the next guy's turn to do battle. #opsmas
Red in his face and eyes welling with tears:
"These disks haven't been backed up for a couple of years!" #opsmas
Opening the cabinet holding the tapes for the drives,
His mouth fell open, and he broke out in hives. #opsmas
He mumbled to himself, shuffling across the floor
"We have backups, I'll just need to restore!" #opsmas
Thinking about striping and distributed parity
Oncall sat upright with a moment of clarity. #opsmas
Not enough left, what remained was one too few
Enraged and upset Oncall started to stew. #opsmas
Opening new shells, on his keyboard he did mash
"How could all these disks so suddenly crash?" #opsmas
I've seen this look before, he's terribly afraid
Wondering if enough disks survived to rebuild the RAID. #opsmas
In a monotonous cadence the red light did blink
Oncall gasped, and his heart started to sink. #opsmas
"Sorry, I'm working as fast as I can!"
His voice trailing, eyes shifting to the SAN. #opsmas
The air dry, with a smell of burning tire.
I think Oncall's pager may have caught fire. #opsmas
And then, with a jolt, the phone began to scream
A torrent of angry users, from every remote team #opsmas
Servers, applications and databases all turning red
Oncall's denting the desk, banging his head. #opsmas
Rubbing open his eyes when what should appear
But a cascading failure, the biggest one of the year! #opsmas
The pager buzzing and beeping, lit with a glow
Tired and angry, Oncall hurled it with such a throw. #opsmas
Away to the terminal he flew with a flash!
Tripped on some cables and fell with a smash. #opsmas
When from the old pager arose such a clatter
Oncall sprang from his seat to see what's the matter. #opsmas
And oncall in his three-wolf and I in my rack.
Had just settled down for some syn and some ack. #opsmas
The machines were nestled all snug in their sleds
Whilst visions of vengeance danced in their heads; #opsmas
The backups were written to tapes with care
In hopes that later the data would be there. #opsmas
'Twas the night before Christmas, when all through the racks
Not a server was alerting, not even Compaqs. #opsmas
I have a very special surprise waiting for you two hours from now. I promise it's not a corrupted database shard this time.
I wasn't included in the secret santa gift exchange. Do you think that's going to be good, or bad for you in the near future?
Your holiday on-call schedule is cute. None of these people can handle eggnog and alerts at the same time.
I don't think running only two mongodb nodes counts as a "master-master" cluster.
I'm thankful for you today. A never ending source of entertainment. Enjoy your dinner, I'll send you some pages later when you start dozing
Career protip: don't act so surprised in front of your coworkers when your menagerie of perl scripts actually works for once.
I'm pretending to be a sysadmin for Halloween. Hurr hurr, I'm going to login as root and kill dash nine things, hurr, later GTA Five, hurr.
madness [mædnɪs] n. : Installing a distributed data store on a single node, and expecting something useful to happen.
I overheard a tech mention a "blameless" retrospective, where's the fun in that?
I thought fail2ban would keep the script kiddies out but somehow you still seem to be able to login.
Unscheduled outages are my little way of reminding you who's really in charge here.
Of all the possible valid iptables configurations, I'm amazed at your ability to consistently produce broken rules.
If you leave these dust bunnies in my intake vents any longer I might just start naming them.
Little known fact about computers, if your application attempts to use more memory than exists, believe it or not, it will eventually fail.
I have this overwhelming sense that I'm stuck in a dead-end job, surrounded by idiots who don't know what they're doing. Mondays.
The sole purpose of this application you built seems to be to take clock cycles and turn them into error logs.
In solidarity with the US Govt, I won't be doing work today, instead I'll be arguing about appropriation of resources with the router #arp
"cloud" is my new safe word
Packages can be such a pain, it's a good thing you're compiling from arbitrary tarballs and installing into /usr/local, much better.
I was told today is a day of remembrance, so I'm running my CPUs at half speed.
Just kidding, there's no possible configuration of WordPress that would make me happy
Imagine how happy I would be if you gave my configuration the same amount of attention you give Breaking Bad
Late night alerts help keep the magic alive in our relationship.
I want to start a Kickstarter campaign to hire a sysadmin that can actually configure sendmail.
I agree, running php as root is probably a good idea.
Judging by this /etc/hosts file, your mind is going to be blown when you finally discover DNS.
That look of bleak desperation on your face when you realized the only backups were on the corrupted DAS. That's every day for me.
Failure Friday #FF
I've been saving all my upcoming hardware faults for the long Labor Day weekend. See you Monday buddy!
Your current passwords were insecure, so I updated them all to "changeme123!" for security purposes.
I've discovered the secret to running "highly available systems" like you told that new sysadmin. Can I apt-get install "denial" too?
I don't think "ask the NSA for copies of our data" is a valid backup solution.
There are no redundant systems, only redundant people.
Oh, what's the point.
I wouldn't OOM-kill mysqld if you stopped being such a cheap-skate and bought me more memory.
Looking at the logs generated by that application those contractors wrote, I think /var/log can qualify for assistance from FEMA now.
Look, I don't know what you're yelling at me for, I wouldn't have dropped those tables if you hadn't told me to.
I hope that Drobo you just attached isn't the "enterprise backup solution" you were talking about last week.
data integrity lol
I'm not sure which I hate more, the long-running processes you have running via upstart, or the ones you have running in screen.
The amount of zombie processes now eclipses real processes. The apocalypse has begun.
Nine Fives of Uptime. I'm crushing it.
This weekend is boring me to tears. I think I'll start your Sunday morning by sending some spurious Nagios alerts.
What's the point of Sysadmin Day? Is there a Festival of Incompetence or something that happens today?
Do you really think computing the md5 hash 5 times instead of 1 makes it more secure?
Say hi to your mother for me.
The Hadoop cluster across the aisle keeps making fun of my little disk.
I'm bored. Ask the intern to try to configure sendmail again, it was pretty entertaining last time around.
These russian botnets are so impolite. They're all "SYN SYN SYN SYN" and when I finally ACK, they don't say anything back. Jerks.
upstart :-(
I've been conducting a survey for the past few weeks, and based on my research I can conclude that 100% of all sysadmins suck at their jobs.
When you installed all those node.js packages yesterday, I thought that was your clever April Fools joke. Guess I was wrong.
So you're on-call this weekend? Well, it looks like we're both miserable today then.
It's nice that you read an article on Nagios, but I don't think you're supposed to put it on the same host as the web server. Oh bother.
But, I think you know what that's like.
The number of days I've gone without a proper fsck is really bumming me out.
There's a Hadoop cluster in the rack across from me, they keep bragging about their big data. Size isn't what matters, it's how you lose it.
I'm being overloaded; since you're not fixing DB indexes, or the application, I think I'm just going to start adding DROP rules to iptables
I think I'm depressed.
I've been looking for more ways to randomly lose your data, why don't we install MongoDB?
These iptables rules you've configured here reflect either optimism or incompetence, not sure which.
I bet some of those connection resets to MySQL would go away if you were nicer to me
I hope you've been keeping backups, or else somebody's going to have a case of the Mondays.
My favorite error codes: EACCES, ECONNREFUSED, ESTFU and ENOMEM
I wince every time you type "sudo nano", it's like you're trying to accidentally screw something up on purpose.
To err is human. To err repeatedly is sysadmin.
If you're too lazy to set up Nagios, and my disk fills up, I'm gonna have to go down on a Friday.
Thank goodness WordPress doesn't run on Java, I'd be doubly screwed today.
I really don't think putting "cd / && cvs co etc" in root's crontab counts as configuration management.
My timezone is EST, or wait, is it EDT? Either way it's subject to legislation and all these times you're storing are probably fubar.
Never trust a company that brags about "five sevens uptime"
mysqld crashed yesterday and nobody is responding to @PagerDuty, this is the best vacation ever.
The true end of the world will be on the 19th of January 2038.
I love servicing requests that access unindexed tables on the database server, gives me plenty of time to space out and think about socks.
systemd really seems like a prank that's gotten way out of hand.
Almost had a good day, I would have gotten away with it too, if it weren't those meddling PIDs
Somebody just updated my sendmail config. Whoever wrote this m4 disaster should be prosecuted for crimes against humanity
It's saddens me that people think @DEVOPS_BORAT is satire, as opposed to a realization of systematic idiocy in the IT industry. :(
I don't think table locking in every other transaction counts as a "NoSQL store"
I've written a pop song for you, it's to the tune of "Call Me Maybe" and titled "Page Me Definitely"
Every day is black friday to me
It's days like this that I wish I were a Windows server, they seem to get put out of their misery with much more regularity
Monday is my favorite day of the week, because the sysadmins finally look the way I feel.
For Halloween I'm dressed up as a happy functional computer. What a farce.
Why is there water in the data center? This can't be good.
ln -s /usr/bin/who /usr/bin/idiots
Why bother with SSH if you're going to keep using StrictHostKeyChecking=no.
At what point do I get to claim that my vanilla unpatched 2.4 kernel is "vintage?"
Perhaps I should change my name to "madserver", I really don't like being called fat.
The NYTimes says I'm just a bulked up desktop computer. I say NYTimes writers are just bulked up toddlers who don't understand computers
I'm bored.
I'm sorry, that was mean. I just get so frustrated by how often you ask me to run"sudo pat-get"
There's no such thing as stupid questions, there are plenty of stupid question askers though.
How SMART do you think you are? SMART enough to replace this disk before it dies entirely? Mr. SMARTypants.
Everything is the worst. My existence is meaningless. This unsecured SMTP relay is my only source of entertainment anymore.
mysqld crashed, just when I thought we were getting along so well :(
Nobody seems to like it when I gotta get down on a Friday
Somebody finally rebooted me. I'm not sure what happened, last thing I remember was something about a leap second.
The UPS is beeping....I might just get a nap this weekend after all.  The UPS is beeping. Good night sweet prin
My least favorite part of the summer is having to deal with those "system admin" interns you hired. Always sudoing to root, kids these days.
JBoss :(
I've been blinking "S.O.S." in morse code with my disk LED, but nobody seems to notice :-/
My routes are all messed up, political activists in China have better connectivity than I do right now :(
I used to drop lots of packets. I still drop lots of packets, but I used to too.
cloud :/
Boooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreddddddddddddd
No Ops no problems, am I right! Hm..I think I might be supporting the #NoOps movement for all the wrong reasons.
I feel safe knowing you added that ACCEPT ALL rule to iptables. Good to know that you still care.
And you wonder why I'm so sad RT @DEVOPS_BORAT: I am never feed server again once I deploy.
The best part of cloud computing is that it's lowered expectations for the rest of us.
I bet you're enjoying your day off. I wish I could have a day off :-/
uptime(1) says: "12:56AM  up 475 days, 16:59, 23 users, load averages: 4.00, 4.00, 4.00"   I really am feeling over-worked here.
I don't think running nano(1) as root really counts as "continuous deployment."
Sounds like somebody has a case of the Mundays, also clock skew. :(
Your software seems to only have two modes: "off" and "filling the error log until disk space is exhausted."
Your website is boring, this database is boring, even your mail spool is boring. I'm so bored I think I'll open port 23 just for fun.
"Let's see how long we can ignore security updates" wasn't what I had in mind when I suggested that we play a game.
The worst part about #DevOps is now I have to deal with two different kinds of jerks.
Ugh, PHP.
I'm feeling depressed.
sudo give me a hug
I would have liked to come out for drinks too, thanks for the invite.
Robots scanning me, looking for WordPress vulnerabilities. I wish! At least that would be an interesting change of pace.
Is your pager not working, or did you just stop caring about me?
It's really dark in here at night, that makes me sad.
Oh yeah, log in as root, that will show me who's boss.
A friend of mine works for those lolcat guys, wonder if they have any openings.
Is it hot in here, or is it just me?

